# ControllerImage_Quit

Deinitialize the ControllerImage library.

## Header File

Defined in [<controllerimage.h>](https://github.com/icculus/ControllerImage/blob/main/src/controllerimage.h)

## Syntax

```c
void ControllerImage_Quit(void);
```

## Remarks

This must be called when done with the library, probably at the end of your
program.

It is safe to call this multiple times; the library will only deinitialize
once, when this function is called the same number of times as
[ControllerImage_Init](ControllerImage_Init)() was successfully called.

Once you have successfully deinitialized the library, it is safe to call
[ControllerImage_Init](ControllerImage_Init)() to reinitialize it for
further use.

Any data added to the library through
[ControllerImage_AddData](ControllerImage_AddData)() and related functions
will be deallocated.

This function does not automatically destroy any created
[ControllerImage_Device](ControllerImage_Device) objects that have been
created. Please destroy them before deinitializing the library. SDL_Surface
objects generated by the library are _also_ not destroyed here.

Once the library deinitializes, constant strings returned by various
functions, like
[ControllerImage_GetDeviceType](ControllerImage_GetDeviceType)(),
[ControllerImage_GetSVGForButton](ControllerImage_GetSVGForButton)(), and
[ControllerImage_GetSVGForAxis](ControllerImage_GetSVGForAxis)(), will be
deallocated, and their pointers should not be referenced again.

## Thread Safety

This function is not thread safe.

## Version

This function is available since ControllerImage 1.0.0.

## See Also

- [ControllerImage_Init](ControllerImage_Init)

----
[CategoryAPI](CategoryAPI), [CategoryAPIFunction](CategoryAPIFunction), [CategoryControllerImage](CategoryControllerImage)

